docs: tweak auth docs and add new ScmAuthApi section + link from error (#9513)
backstage/backstage: docs/auth/index.md

local frontend against a deployed backend. The provider configuration matching
the local `auth.environment` setting will be selected.

## Using an authentication provider for sign-in

> If you want to use an authentication provider for sign-in, as opposed to just accessing external resources, you'll need to configure that in the your app as well. This is done by provided a custom `SingInPage` component to the app, which will require the user to sign-in before they can access the app. Note that this is does not block access to the app, which you can read more about [here](./using-auth.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use an authentication provider for sign-in, as opposed to just accessing external resources, you'll need to configure that in your app as well. This is done by providing a custom `SignInPage` component to the app, which will require the user to sign in before they can access the app. Note that this does not block access to the app, which you can read more about [here](./using-auth.md).
```

Signed-off-by: Fredrik Adelöw <freben@gmail.com>

> If you want to use can use the `SignInPage` component that is provided by `@backstage/core-components`, which takes either a `provider` or `providers` (array) prop of `SignInProviderConfig` definitions. These reference the `ApiRef` exported for the provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to, you can use the `SignInPage` component that is provided by `@backstage/core-components`, which takes either a `provider` or `providers` (array) prop of `SignInProviderConfig` definitions. These reference the `ApiRef` exported for the provider.
```

a wide library of authentication strategies for different providers. See
[Add authentication provider](add-auth-provider.md) for details on adding a new
Passport-supported authentication method.

## Custom ScmAuthApi Implementation

> If you are using any custom authentication providers, like for example one for GitHub Enterprise, then you are likely to need a custom implementation of the [`ScmAuthApi`](https://backstage.io/docs/reference/integration-react.scmauthapi). It is an API used to authenticate towards different SCM systems in a generic way, based what resource is being accessed, and is used for example by the Scaffolder (Software Templates) and Catalog Import plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using any custom authentication providers, like for example one for GitHub Enterprise, then you are likely to need a custom implementation of the [`ScmAuthApi`](https://backstage.io/docs/reference/integration-react.scmauthapi). It is an API used to authenticate towards different SCM systems in a generic way, based on what resource is being accessed, and is used for example by the Scaffolder (Software Templates) and Catalog Import plugins.
```

Signed-off-by: Fredrik Adelöw <freben@gmail.com>
